PREFACE.

THIS edition of the Laelius has been prepared on
the same general plan as my editions of the speeches
of Cicero for Archias and for Balbus published a

’ year since. The special aim of the notes is the

thorough examination of the Latinity of the dialogue‚
but the elucidation of the subject-matter has not
been neglected. In arranging the text, I have tried
to weigh for myself the evidence affecting every
variation, however slight. In a few instances I have
found it necessary to adopt emendations of my own.
These will all be found duly noticed in an Appendix
on the text, which also contains remarks on other
textual difficplties which could not conveniently be
mentioned in the notes. In the explanatory notes as
well as in forming the text, while 1 have worked out
my own views independently, and hope to have
been able to contribute something to. the explana-
tion of the dialogue‚ 1 have also. compared my own
conclusions with. those of the most prominent scholars
who have edited or explained thetreatise. In par-
ticular Ι have- to, own my great obligations 'to the
very elaborate edition of Seyffert, on whose found·
ation every subsequent editor has. largely built, and

 

